---
layout: post
title: FAQ
date: 2025-07-02 09:00:00-0430
description: Product Support and FAQ
tags: formatting toc sidebar
categories: sample-posts
giscus_comments: true
related_posts: false
toc:
  sidebar: left
---

Freewill.AGENT Product Support and FAQ

At Activating.AI, we pride ourselves on providing clear and responsive customer service and ensuring that your experience with our technology is seamless and efficient. Below, you will find answers to some frequently asked questions regarding our software and hardware support offerings. If you require additional assistance, feel free to reach out to us via our preferred method of communication: normal or GPG-encrypted email.

## Software Support:

How often do software updates and bug fixes become available?
Our software is updated and bug fixes are released approximately every 15 days, offering 90 days of free support. These updates will be distributed using Method 1: an SSD external disk sent to your address or Method 2: GPG-encrypted files delivered via email. If Method 1 is not suitable for you, we can provide the software updates as GPG-encrypted file attachments.

## Hardware Support:

What is covered under hardware support?
ActiVating.AI offers one year of free parts and labor for hardware issues. Please note that shipping and handling fees will apply if repairs require us to send the hardware back to our facility.

 

## General FAQ


## How do I initiate a support request?
To initiate a support request, simply email us at our dedicated address using either normal or GPG-encrypted email. Our team will respond as soon as possible with a solution to your issue or further instructions.

### How long does it take to receive software updates or hardware repairs?
For software updates via Method 1 (SSD external disks), you can expect delivery within a week of release. For Method 2 (GPG-encrypted email attachments), your update will be available for download immediately upon receipt of our email. For hardware repairs, processing time may vary depending on the complexity of the issue and shipping times. We will provide an estimated time frame upon receipt of your request and any necessary diagnostic information.

### What if I encounter an issue that is not covered by these support methods?
If you experience an issue that falls outside the scope of our standard software and hardware support, please do not hesitate to contact us via email. We will assess your issue on a case-by-case basis and work with you to find an appropriate resolution. Our dedicated team is committed to helping you make the most of your Activating.AI technology.
